README.md, before:

ZeroBin 0.19 Alpha

==== THIS IS ALPHA SOFTWARE - USE AT YOUR OWN RISKS ====

ZeroBin is a minimalist, opensource online pastebin where the server 
has zero knowledge of pasted data. Data is encrypted/decrypted in the 
browser using 256 bits AES. 

More information on the project page:
http://sebsauvage.net/wiki/doku.php?id=php:zerobin

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2012 Sébastien SAUVAGE (sebsauvage.net)

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.
In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from 
the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, 
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it 
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

    1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
       not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this 
       software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation
       would be appreciated but is not required.

    2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must 
       not be misrepresented as being the original software.

    3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Add unmaintained note
Please merge this, @sebsauvage.

README.md, after:

## This repo is unmaintained and outdated! Do not use this code anymore! :warning: 

**If you still use this old code switch to the new maintained repo:**  
**:arrow_forward: https://github.com/elrido/ZeroBin**

You will get more features and up-to-date code. 

====
----

ZeroBin 0.19 Alpha

==== THIS IS ALPHA SOFTWARE - USE AT YOUR OWN RISKS ====

ZeroBin is a minimalist, opensource online pastebin where the server 
has zero knowledge of pasted data. Data is encrypted/decrypted in the 
browser using 256 bits AES. 

More information on the project page:
http://sebsauvage.net/wiki/doku.php?id=php:zerobin

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 2012 Sébastien SAUVAGE (sebsauvage.net)

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.
In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from 
the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, 
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it 
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

    1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
       not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this 
       software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation
       would be appreciated but is not required.

    2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must 
       not be misrepresented as being the original software.

    3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
